Fixed 32956 -- Lowercased spelling of "web" and "web framework" where appropriate. (#14708)
django/django: docs/topics/forms/media.txt

Form Assets (the ``Media`` class)
=================================

Rendering an attractive and easy-to-use web form requires more than just
HTML - it also requires CSS stylesheets, and if you want to use fancy

> "web2.0" widgets, you may also need to include some JavaScript on each

Reviewer: This should remain capitalized:
```suggestion
"Web 2.0" widgets, you may also need to include some JavaScript on each
```

Author: Does anyone still use the phrase web 2.0? Could we chop it?

Reviewer: Agreed, we can chop it.
